Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-grid-text-wrapping: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T175881)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

> # Grid Control for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to set text wrapping in different ways

Reviewer: How to set text wrapping in different ways --> this phrasing won't work, can you rewrite this? Maybe Different options for wrapping text or something else...

Author: ```suggestion
# Grid Control for ASP.NET Web Forms - Different options for wrapping text
```

<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/t175881/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> The suggested techniques are common and may be used not only for [ASPxGridView](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxGridView) but for other controls in the same way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The suggested techniques are common and may be used not only for [ASPxGridView](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxGridView), but for other controls also.
```

![Wrapped text](grid-wrap-text.png)

## Disable text wrapping to show text in one line

You can disable text wrapping in the following ways:

* Set a column's [CellStyle.Wrap](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.AppearanceStyleBase.Wrap) property to `false`.

    ```ASPx
    <dx:GridViewDataColumn FieldName="C1" Width="100">  
        <CellStyle Wrap="False" />
    </dx:GridViewDataColumn> 
    ```

* Set the CSS `white-space` property to `nowrap`.

    ```CSS
    .disableWrapping {  
        white-space: nowrap;  
    }
    ```
      
    ```ASPx
    <dx:GridViewDataColumn FieldName="C2" Width="100">  
        <CellStyle CssClass="disableWrapping" />
    </dx:GridViewDataColumn>
    ```

Note that when text wrapping is disabled, the column's `Width` property in not in effect.

> ## Enable wrapping to have a fixed column width

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable wrapping to set column width
```

You can enable text wrapping in the following ways:

* Set the column's [CellStyle.Wrap](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.AppearanceStyleBase.Wrap) property to `true`.

    ```ASPx
    <dx:GridViewDataColumn FieldName="C3" Width="100">  
        <CellStyle Wrap="True" />
    </dx:GridViewDataColumn>
    ``` 

* Set the CSS `white-space` property to `normal`.

    ```CSS
    .enableWrapping {  
        white-space: normal;  
    }
    ```
    
    ```ASPx
    <dx:GridViewDataColumn FieldName="C4" Width="100">  
        <CellStyle CssClass="enableWrapping" />  
    </dx:GridViewDataColumn>  
    ```

## Wrap text without white spaces

> The previous approach works if a cell text contains white spaces only. To wrap text that does not contain white spaces, use the CSS `word-break` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous approach works if cell text contains white spaces only. To wrap text that does not contain white spaces, use the CSS `word-break` property.
```

```CSS
.wrapEmail {  
    word-break: break-all;  
}
``` 
```ASPx
<dx:GridViewDataColumn FieldName="C5" Width="100">  
    <CellStyle CssClass="wrapEmail" />
</dx:GridViewDataColumn>  
```

## Show a truncated text

> Set the [ASPxGridView.SettingsBehavior.AllowEllipsisInText](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxGridBehaviorSettings.AllowEllipsisInText) property to to `true` to automatically truncate cell texts if they do not fit into the cell width. To indicate that the text is clipped, the control displays an ellipsis (`…`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the [ASPxGridView.SettingsBehavior.AllowEllipsisInText](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxGridBehaviorSettings.AllowEllipsisInText) property to `true` to automatically truncate cell text if it does not fit into the cell's width. To indicate clipped text, the control displays an ellipsis (`…`).
```
